Create rfc.md (#7)
michaelpiron/learning-github-sandbox: rfc.md

> This an RFC based on the discussino we had in isue xxx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This an RFC based on the discussion we had in issue 123
```
This fixes minor spelling mistakes.
